Add reference hardware section (#630)
autonomys/subspace-docs: docs/farming-&-staking/farming/prerequisites.mdx

:::

Nodes meeting these **minimum requirements** should be able to farm and sync with the network under typical conditions. However, **performance may degrade if the network experiences heavy load, such as blocks filled with a high number of transactions**.

### Recommended Requirements

To handle increased network demands and maintain optimal performance, we recommend the following hardware specifications:

|Hardware|Specs|
|-|-|
|CPU|Intel Core i7-6700 or equivalent|
|CPU|4 Core+|
|RAM|16GB+|
|Storage (node)|256GB (SSD)|
|Network|Reliable broadband internet connection with low latency|

#### Reference Hardware Details

> Our benchmarking tests were conducted using the Intel Core i7-6700 CPU. This hardware configuration has been verified to handle blocks that are 100% full of transactions without performance issues.

Author: @dariolina thanks! If I understood you correctly, this should be the adjusted phrasing:

```suggestion
Our benchmarking tests were conducted using the Intel Core i7-6700 CPU. We have calibrated the transaction weights so that a full block cannot contain more transactions than this CPU can execute within the 2-second block execution time limit. This ensures that nodes running on hardware equivalent to or better than the Intel Core i7-6700 can process blocks at full capacity without performance issues.
```
